Hosting Services :
A web hosting service is a type of Internet hosting service that allows individuals and organizations to make their website accessible via the World Wide Web. We provide space on server for lease. For any type of Hosting services please contact us.

Hiring Solutions :
Recruitment of suitable candidates for the specified jobs either for Permanent/Temporary roles.
Out-Sourcing our employees as contractors for any unexpected project requirement that you may need to handle.
We have expertise in providing workforce in no time whether you need them hired to a position you need to fill/ outsource our employee quickly.

Application Services :
	Web Based Applications 
		Design and Development : (We have expertise in designing multi-platform based applications and delivering developed version of the same in stipulated time lines with agile methodology.)
		Security testing	: Based on mutual aggreement of testing a web based applications with the owning company, we will provide detailed notes of vulnerabilities and potential security threats to the best of our expertise.
	Mobile Native Applications
		Utility Applications : We have expertise in desinging and developing all types of utility applications. Please contact us for any utility application designing and development projects you have on your mind. We will provide you with best design with latest technologies in use and deliver the complete version of the same in agreed time. 
		Gaming Applications : We are gaining expertise in gaming applicaitons. Soon to be launched.
	
Careers : 
	career Growth: One for all. All for one.
		At LeoSoft we value our employee's individual requirements and foster a work culture where each employee can cultivate his ideas and openly claim to learn new technologies for their better future. At LeoSoft each employee is well treated and is given career guidence education time in time. At LeoSoft we believe that to create a best workforce each employee should be mentally strong and happy without any deviations while working. So, LeoSoft value your personal/family needs and will be with you when you need us. And in return we ask not more than your heartful Loyalty and support for LeoSoft.
	Roles :
		Web Developer
		Application Developer
		Application and WebApp Tester
		Animator
		Story Writer
		Game Developer
		Game Tester
	